trait,naughty,hobby,skateboarding
trait,genius,trait,intelligent
trait,pretty,trait,gorgeous
hobby,fetch,hobby,dog sitting
hobby,chewing,trait,yummy hair
job,dog,hobby,dog sitting
hobby,dog sitting,job,dog
hobby,dog sitting,hobby,fetch
job,professor,hobby,school
job,professor,hobby,reading
job,professor,hobby,writing
trait,good hair,trait,yummy hair
trait,gorgeous,trait,pretty
hobby,school,hobby,reading
hobby,school,job,professor
hobby,school,trait,intelligent
hobby,writing,hobby,reading
hobby,writing,trait,intelligent
hobby,writing,job,professor
hobby,sports,job,physical therapist
hobby,sports,hobby,skateboarding
job,chef,hobby,eating
job,chef,hobby,cooking
job,chef,hobby,baking
job,chef,trait,vegan
trait,brunette,hobby,eating hair
hobby,skateboarding,hobby,sports
hobby,playing guitar,hobby,singing
hobby,eating,hobby,cooking
hobby,eating,hobby,baking
hobby,eating,job,chef
hobby,eating,hobby,eating
job,doctor,job,physical therapist
job,doctor,job,data scientist
trait,yummy hair,trait,brunette
trait,yummy hair,trait,good hair
trait,intelligent,hobby,school
trait,intelligent,job,professor
trait,intelligent,trait,genius
job,data scientist,trait,intelligent
job,data scientist,job,professor
job,data scientist,hobby,school
hobby,cooking,hobby,baking
hobby,cooking,hobby,eating
hobby,cooking,job,chef
hobby,singing,hobby,playing guitar
hobby,eating hair,trait,yummy hair
hobby,eating hair,trait,brunette
trait,tall,trait,tall
trait,vegan,hobby,eating
trait,vegan,job,chef
trait,vegan,hobby,cooking
trait,funny,trait,genius
job,physical therapist,hobby,skateboarding
job,physical therapist,hobby,sports
job,physical therapist,hobby,fetch
hobby,baking,hobby,cooking
hobby,baking,hobby,eating
hobby,baking,job,chef
hobby,reading,hobby,writing
hobby,reading,hobby,school
hobby,reading,job,professor
hobby,reading,hobby,reading
hobby,reading,trait,intelligent